feat: clarify updated ttl logic in concepts docs (#1)
momentohq/public-dev-docs: docs/2-how-it-works/momento-concepts.md

cache_client.set("users-cache", "foo", "123", 100)
```

> In this operation, we are setting the cache entry identified by the key of "foo" to the value of "123" within the "users-cache" in our Momento account. For this important value, we've decided it should be cached for 100 seconds rather than the default of 60 seconds you specified when initializing your client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this operation, we are setting the cache entry identified by the key of "foo" to the value of "123" within the "users-cache" in our Momento account. For this important value, we've decided it should be cached for 100 seconds rather than the default of 60 seconds we specified when initializing our client.
```

> Momento cache is not a database. We currently enforce a max TTL of 24 hours for items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A TTL in Momento is always required. Currently we support TTL values in the range of 1 second to 1 day.
```
